docs(self-managed): update ingress and port-forward instructions (#6935)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/self-managed/deployment/helm/configure/ingress-setup.md

import TabItem from "@theme/TabItem";

:::caution

> The separated Ingress configuration was removed in Camunda 8.8. Use the combined Ingress setup in this guide, or check the [separated Ingress migration](#separated-ingress-migration) section if you want to have a similar behaviour to the separated Ingress.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with Camunda 8.8, the separated Ingress configuration is no longer supported. Instead, follow the combined Ingress setup described in this guide. If you want to replicate the behavior of the previous separated Ingress approach, check separated Ingress migration.
```

This configuration shows only the Ingress-related values for `webModeler`and `Console`. For full setup, see [Enable Web Modeler, Console, and Connectors](/self-managed/deployment/helm/configure/web-modeler-console-connectors.md).
:::

## Separated Ingress migration

> As the separated Ingress was removed in Camunda 8.8, there are two options for migration. First, the recommended option which is using the [combined Ingress method](#configuration). The other one is creating a simialr strecture using the `global.extraManifests` to add your own Ingress objects.
> 
> The following section shows an example of adding one Ingress object (Optimize for example) and you can add more as you need.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the separated Ingress was removed in Camunda 8.8, there are two options for migration:
1. **Recommended:** Use the [combined ingress configuration](#configuration). 
2. **Alternative:** You can use global.extraManifests to define and deploy your own Ingress objects, providing functionality similar to the former separated Ingress setup.

The example below demonstrates how to add an Ingress object for Optimize, replicating the separated Ingress behavior. You can apply the same approach to create additional Ingress objects for other components, as needed.
```

```yaml
# values-separated-ingress.yaml
global:
  extraManifests:
    - |
      ---
      apiVersion: networking.k8s.io/v1
      kind: Ingress
      metadata:
        name: camunda-platform-optimize
        namespace: camunda-dev
        annotations:
          nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/backend-protocol: HTTP
          nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/proxy-body-size: 10m
          nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/proxy-buffer-size: 128k
          nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/proxy-buffering: "on"
          nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/rewrite-target: /
          nginx.ingress.kubernetes.io/ssl-redirect: "false"
      spec:
        ingressClassName: nginx
        rules:
        - host: optimize.example.com
          http:
            paths:
            - backend:
                service:
                  name: camunda-platform-optimize
                  port:
                    number: 80
              path: /
              pathType: Prefix
        tls:
        - hosts:
          - optimize.example.com
          secretName: camunda-platform-optimize-tls
    - |
      [Add more Ingresses as needed]
```

> Please note that, you need to create all resources required by the objects in `global.extraManifests`, such as the TLS secret `camunda-platform-optimize-tls`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that, you need to create all resources referenced by the objects in `global.extraManifests`, such as the TLS secret `camunda-platform-optimize-tls`.
```
